as I stumbled across the field a sense
of hopelessness assailed me above the
ragged clouds scurried across the face
of the moon but down here I could see
nothing he was so cold
the recent Frost's had turned the ground
to iron and the crisp grass cowered
under the piercing wind
I had just decided that there was no way
of finding an animal in this black
wasteland when Harald piped up sheet
over here and sure enough when I groped
my way towards the sound of his voice he
was standing by an unhappy looking you I
don't know what instincts had brought
him to her but there she was and she was
obviously in trouble her head hung down
miserably and when I put my hand on her
free she took only a few faltering steps
instead of galloping off as a healthy
sheep would beside her a tiny lamb
huddled close to her flank I lifted her
tail and took her temperature it was
normal there were no signs of the usual
post lambing ailments no staggering x'
to indicate a deficiency no discharge or
accelerated respiration but there was
something very far wrong I looked again
at the lamb he was an unusually early
arrival in this high country and it
seemed unfair to bring the little
creature into the inhospitable world of
a Yorkshire March he was so small yes it
was beginning to filter through to me he
was too damn small for a single lamb
bring me that bucket with the Engel deal
I cried I could hardly wait to see if I
was right but I balanced the receptacle
on the grass the full horror of the
situation smoked me I was going to have
to strip off they don't give vets medals
for bravery but as I pulled off my
overcoat and jacket and stood shivering
in my shirt sleeves on that black
hillside I felt I deserved one hold her
head I gasped and soaked my arm quickly
by the light of the torch I felt my way